Changes
1.09    remove screenshot from submitted bundle.
        fix error msg corrupted packet.
        
1.08   pair down bundle details.
       fix defaults.plist; fix drawers their defaults.
       ignoring device power up strings - and use 
       it to ask/trigger a #C0 5 seconds later.
       tooltips added.
       make graph backgrounds properly white.
       WiFi now shows channel # rather than Ghz
       sd-ish spread around values
       dBm values corrected for narrow scales
       bettert serial handling
       all strings localized
       fix Hz on max - sensible range.
       more tooltips
       fixed paused scaling live display.
       fix bug in lingering
       better timeouts & retry of comms.
       ignoring serials
       driver check support on first startup
       work around alien device close handing hard.
    
BUGS:
	X axis still gets too long for some settings
    
    Guessed RBW on the LCD screen and in the Config panel is way 
       off in certain settings. Too large for higher widths; 
       too small for the low range.
       
       RBW comments from: http://groups.google.com/group/rf-explorer/browse_frm/thread/bcf2711c40e12993

        However observed in the wild:
            On 2.4Ghz - display 50k; shown  17.857k (from #C2-M: second field)
            On Sub1G - display 600k; shown 892.57 k (from #C2-M: second field)

    no tooltips on config and preference window.
    
    Unable to detect an emtpy battery. Will just report 'no comms possible'.
    
TODO:  
    Decent icon, decent text for app store, decent screenshot.
    Helpfile/dcoumentation.
    Cmplete Localization with an extra language.
    simplify sliders on pref-panel. perhaps make them self-save if a bindings 
    value is set.
    Archive checklist; exit code -1 on svnrev having M and target mode is archive
    Add an option to draw a grid/reticule behind the graph ?
    Weird redraw issue in SpectrogramView (marked XX - caches under certain circumstances - so we take the last #if 1 for now which implies the creation of a whole new image. 
    despite cahce off setting).
    Ugly _view hack in SomeTabView -- perhaps make full NSViewControllers or similar.
    Rewrite the NSViews/NSControls into more efficient NS(Action)Cells.
    Show min/max band setting in config panel about the board ??
    using non-blocked serial open clashes with entitlment rules and profiler.
    move SD code into spectrum/average
    consider adding save-as.
    the pull down in preferences is not set to Demo when started with ALT    
    support for a sub 3Ghz board.
    Reset attempts made on 1.08 firmware and above.
    Hardcoded constants moved to xml config file.

PROTOCOL WISHES
-   When the device is not in mesure mode - but on some other menu flavour - it does not react to any # command. And once the user changes - does not give the #C's.
-   A way to have the PC change the active board (when there is an expansion one).
-   Send a command to the device to 'force' it into scan/measure more when it is in a config menu.
-   Learn min dBm step and freq. span's ranges on the wire rather than hardcode. Extra #C reply perhaps.
-   discover RBW from a C#
-   Special commend to set the device in remote measure mode during which the screen goes blank/unlit and/or keys get blocked.
-   A partially bogus #C (e.g. setting frequency to a silly value) does not yield a #C of what was actually taken/parsed. Better if the device rejected the whole string or always gave a #C reply so you know you're in sync.
-   Perhaps a master reset or other gauranteed to get device under control sequence.
-   A uuid which is unique per device or the ability for the user to set a name. Useful in labs with multiple devices with callibration and other LIMs post measure integration.

Device/Hardware
- Device can hang hard when dBm's are set -120 .. -110 or similar when 
  lines overshooting the scale. Powercylce will always reset it.



